Add BBEs for chat agents and RAG with the in-memory vector store (#6186)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/rag-with-in-memory-vector-store/rag_with_in_memory_vector_store.md

# Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) ingestion

Ballerina has high-level, provider-agnostic APIs to ingest data for retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) workflows. These include abstractions such as `ai:DataLoader`, `ai:VectorStore`, `ai:EmbeddingProvider`, and `ai:KnowledgeBase`.

> These abstractions enable you to load documents, convert them into semantically meaningful vector representations using embedding models, and index them into a vector database. Then at generation/querying, you can query semantically similar content from vector databases and use retrieved context in the request to the LLM to generate more accurate responses. The knowledge base orchestrates this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These abstractions enable you to load documents, convert them into semantically meaningful vector representations using embedding models, and index them into a vector database. Then at generation/querying, you can query semantically similar content from vector databases and use retrieved context in the request to the LLM to generate more accurate responses. The `ai: KnowledgeBase` base orchestrates this process.
```
